Hello and welcome to Star CZ Live today
for the very first time we are
introducing to you an
insurance plan which is very different
from your regular traditional plans
in fact this plan will secure you and your family in a
very different way well yes
it is a perfect solution as always
we take care of the needs of our viewers
and that is why today we are going to talk about
ICR Lombard Family Floater
Health Insurance Plan that absolutely right the
meaning of this plan is that it should be very
flexible so that
you and your family can take full advantage of this plan
without any limitations without any problems when it comes to actually even
making a claim from your policy well especially
if you compare a float
policy with an individual health insurance
plan there are not one but many benefits
from the time you actually pay a premium
to the time when you actually go for
your claim all of that it comes under a single
Policy means if you have a family and you have
two adults and two kids, you can easily
go for this family floater plan that is available
of the entires. Well, to understand it better,
let's take an example.
For example, if you have an average
Indian family where you have two adults, husband, wife
and two kids, then if you have taken
individual policies, for example, the
husband is covered for 2 lakhs, the wife is
covered for 1 lakh and if you have two children
and they are covered for 50000 each and if
God forbid, in any unforced circumstance,
if a child in your family has to be
hospitalized, whose bill comes up
to an amount of ₹1000000, then it means
that you would get ₹5000000 from the insurance policy,
but the remaining
80000, you would have to spend from your pocket
and if they had opted  If you had opted
for a family floater plan, then such a
problem would not have arisen because the entire family would have been
covered under a single policy and if the sum
insured is up to ₹1 lakh, then the entire
compensation of ₹130,000 could have been made through this policy.
You could have straightaway
claimed it. So the advantage is that you have a single
policy, single premium and in case
of these emergencies, a lot of times what happens is
you know suddenly you don't have so much
of cash and so much of money, then there is a lot of tension,
which is why we are saying that this is
one of the best options to go for
and we have Mr. Manish Gulati from
the ICICI Lord family himself who is
an Associate Vice President at ICICI
Lord and he is going to give us a lot of insight
on this insurance plan because he will give us every
single detail and every
single question that anyone would have in their mind will be
answered. So Manish, how are you?
You are doing great today thank you so much well
it's a pleasure to have you here Manish and you know what
Manish we have a lot of questions
because we would like to know a lot of details
about this plan so how do you think that this
plan is beneficial to our
viewers see you, I and everyone
know that life is very uncertain yes
diseases accidents can happen at any
time at that time one goes through a
very psychological trauma not only that a
lot of money also has to be paid at that point
of time the hospitalization expenses if
borne by an insurance company then it is called health insurance
we ICICI Lombard has come up
with a family floater health insurance where
you just need one plan and you just need
to cover and track only one policy for
covering all the family members in that plan
what is the sum insured that a family could
go for the sum  The insured can be a maximum of up
to four lakh rupees okay and the tenor is we
can take a one year policy and a two
year policy they have an option either one year or
two years yes and the average family size you know who all can actually go for when you say a
family it exactly means what a
family size is generally a constitutional
family is about four members but an
individual can also take a policy and
maximum up to four members can be covered
in this policy so what you mean to say is
that in spite of the primary member of the
family let's say for example if the
husband in a family of four takes this
policy then along with him his wife
and their children can also so use that claim
for the
entire yes they can use the one policy for the
entire claim not only that they have to only
track one policy they have to only pay one
premium and that is  The simplicity which
ICICI Lord Family Floater brings in is how
is ICICI Lord so different? What are
the really key features that you would like
to highlight? ICICI Lombard, as the name
suggests, is from the ICICI Group.
ICICI Lord is the oldest and the
largest private sector general
insurance company in India. It is
lovely to say that in the last year it has
covered 1 million lives. You know, in India,
and just to tell you, you know, the respect that we have had in terms
of claims.
Actually, we have a service of about 50 lakh claims
last year. No, so that says a lot about the
strength of the group because that means that there will be absolutely a minimum hassle when it comes
to getting a claim. Because
many times it happens that if you have a
traditional policy from XYZ company, it happens that it takes a
lot of time to get a claim.  It goes or you don't even get
the entitlement to for our claim paying ability
we have been certified as I am so now what exactly is this I think it is a it is very
critical that any insurance
company that you go with should have the sufficient
resources to pay your claim okay very right so
for that the ability to pay the claim when ever it arises
is a certification which is
done and ICSC Lord has been certified
as I am that is the highest
ranking which has been given to us well I
think that is so
much money for being on our show you have been very very
helpful and I am sure all our
viewers also have got a lot of insight
and a lot of details
about this plan on how beneficial this
particular plan will be for their families
well that is how great this plan is and  This
is ICICI Lord's family
floater plan for you. It is very flexible. It is
not limited to covering the entire family under this plan,
and every member of your family
can avail the benefits. I
am Pooja, and this is the story of my hero. The
hero who extended his hand when my
daughter was in critical condition. He who
transformed my worry into trust. The hero
who took care of all the expenses so that I
could take care of Riya. And not only promised to keep us safe, but also kept his
promise.
ICICI Lord Health Insurance claims over Rs. 50 lakh every year.
Your family can live comfortably.
ICICI Lord Health Insurance provides
complete protection for the entire family. For further information
about the ICICI Lord Family
Floater Plan, viewers can call on the following
numbers from anywhere in India once the
following details are provided: your name, mobile number,
landline number, address, city name, pin
code, and date of birth. You register,
and an ICICI Lord
representative will contact you very soon to give
you all the details and help you take the
policy seriously.  Pick Up Your Fuss and Call Us Right
Now